---
layout: post
title: Opinions
---

Today's talk by Cheryl of Cyan Communications reminded me of the importance of impressions; many of our opinions are based on impressions. Take for example when you see an app in the app store that looks polished, you'll immediately think better of it, regardless of whether it functions properly. (Though typically good looking apps do give users a better experience than apps that don't look as user friendly.)

Cheryl also mentioned about the usefulness of networking. By knowing more people, you not only get to expand your horizons but this also opens yourself up to countless other opportunities. Perhaps you'll cross paths and be able to help each other in future.

---

Last week, my group met up with Colin and Su Yuen for the UI/UX discussion. After effectively changing a large part of our core product after last week's CS3216 lecture, we managed to get a mockup ready for Wednesday.

On a side note, InVision is awesome. It gives me everything I need to augment mockups. I typically design the pages on Illustrator and export them as pdfs. I've always wanted a super quick way to link these pages up with minimal effort and annoyance. InVision does exactly that and is truely awesome. Honestly, I've never used an app that fits my requirements exactly. It does one thing, and does it very well; I just want to connect images and make the links clickable to be shared with others.

Colin and Su Yuen's feedback were positive and encouraging. Su Yuen also expanded on the idea of having some sort of interface where users can like activities (aka deals). So you'll be able to see what activities your chat partner has liked and can ask he/she out for that activity. As Su Yuen mentioned, another plus is that this reduces the chances of rejection. We're still in the midst of planning how exactly these activities should work; how will we administer these deals? are they unique to that 'couple'?

All in all, I'm glad that their opinions and feedback has allowed us to continue forward and keep us on track.

---

We then had another discussion with Prof Ben, together with Peck Ying, Daxiang, Shamantha and Charmain. It went better than expected. As our idea has deviated a lot from Prof Ben's original vision, we weren't sure if he'd be alright with it.

The thing is, as Peck Ying pertinently mentioned, there are at least 3 stages of a relationship, and more importantly, the first 2 stages are discovery & dating.

Prof Ben's initial direction was more catered for the 2nd stage of dating where people may need help with what to say and whatnot. That's where there needs to be some sort of "love guru" or "love Quora" to help them out. Our current direction is more catered for the 1st stage where people want to chat and meet with new people.

My opinion is that having a "love guru" of sorts is similar to having a full fledged dating agency where participants are coached to find their partners. I don't think any of us are experienced enough to start a dating agency. Making a dating app is one thing, making a dating agency is a whole other realm.

Either way, I believe that Letterbox ultimately meets the main goal which is to get more people to start dating so that the "lonely hearts club" won't be as lonely anymore.

The feedback we got from our pitch and mockups was all round favourable. Daxiang and Peck Ying likened the idea of having the "Would you rather" questions to be answered by others as the answers will give an indication of the opinions and perhaps even the lifestyle habits of the other person. Shamantha also suggested a location-based deal discovery idea which was pretty interesting too.

---

We've been developing Letterbox throughout the weekend and almost have an MVP ready. We hope to get feedback from users ASAP.