---
layout: post
title: What I hope to learn in CS3216
---

Here I am, at the start of my third full semester in NUS. This journey has been pretty exciting thus far, there were moments where I felt limitless and moments where I was pushed to be a better person. One high point that I will forever be grateful for is being a part of CS3216.

I recall hearing about this unique module in my first semester and how everyone should strive to get into it. At that point in time, I didn't give it much thought. It felt so far away, and there were so many other pressing concerns. It was only this summer that I realised that, well, this is it. I'm given the opportunity to be in CS3216, and I must seize the moment.

Applying for CS3216 got me thinking about what exactly I hoped to get and learn from it. Here are 3 things that I look forward to in CS3216.

## Experiencing new web technologies

I've dabbled in web development before, but those were simple sites. I want to learn more about new web technologies like React and Meteor. I think it's enthralling to learn such technologies that are rapidly advancing; you'll need to keep up with updates and understand how it affects your previous applications.

On top of that, such evolving technologies will force me to adapt quickly, something that I've been trying to improve at. 

## Meeting new people

I like meeting new people and getting to know them. Everyone has their own story and everyone has something that others can learn from. It's interesting to understand the way others think and their perspective of the world. I think it's through such interactions that I can better expand my horizons and be more open minded to all sorts of opinions.

Sometimes I get too caught up with my own perception of the world that I forget that the world isn't black and white. There are many different ways to look at a problem and there usually isn't a perfect solution.

The varying opinions to a problem also serve to help us better understand the issue as we cannot rely solely on ourselves to think of all the various perspectives.

## Finding the right balance

You know that feeling of regret that you could have done just slightly more? Well, that mindset usually stems from being a perfectionist and I hate that feeling. However, sometimes one has to be realistic to understand that the amount of effort put in is still good enough. 

There's a balance between being a perfectionist and a realist. It's not always realistic to be a perfectionist and situations are not always perfect to be a realist. It's a tricky balance and sometimes sacrifices have to be made. Either way, I strive to put in my utmost effort in everything I do.

This module will surely push me to find the right balance and to figure out when my effort is in fact good enough.

<hr>

I'm truly excited to see what's in store this semester and really hope to learn a lot through these 13 weeks and beyond.


